readme.MD, before:

# Summary
Trying to take the information in [this article](https://www.evanmiller.org/how-not-to-sort-by-average-rating.html) and fix it to work for a 5 star rating system. Uses a [binomial proportion confidence interval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_proportion_confidence_interval), specifically a [Wilson score interval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_proportion_confidence_interval#Wilson_score_interval), to normalize your positive votes propotional to the quantity of votes received. My thoughts are that each rating should have a specific weight and you can take the confidence for each vote quantity to calculate a "true" rating.

There's some mathy stuff I don't understand, so just organizing my thoughts here to look into this later. 

# To Do
- [ ] Add to the review_handler module:
  - [ ] A way to generate a real review-like distrbution. Increased 1 and 5 votes
  - [ ] Different average modes, low, medium, high
  - [ ] Handling of different review files possibly. Maybe make a JSON directory of reviews
- [ ] Actually add the Wilson score interval code
- [ ] Maybe make it run from command line with user input?

Commit message:

Added to do for normalizer

readme.MD, after:

# Summary
Trying to take the information in [this article](https://www.evanmiller.org/how-not-to-sort-by-average-rating.html) and fix it to work for a 5 star rating system. Uses a [binomial proportion confidence interval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_proportion_confidence_interval), specifically a [Wilson score interval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_proportion_confidence_interval#Wilson_score_interval), to normalize your positive votes propotional to the quantity of votes received. My thoughts are that each rating should have a specific weight and you can take the confidence for each vote quantity to calculate a "true" rating.

There's some mathy stuff I don't understand, so just organizing my thoughts here to look into this later. 

# To Do
- [ ] Add to the review_handler module:
  - [ ] A way to generate a real review-like distrbution. Increased 1 and 5 votes
  - [ ] Different average modes, low, medium, high
  - [ ] Handling of different review files possibly. Maybe make a JSON directory of reviews
- [x] Actually add the Wilson score interval code
- [ ] Maybe make it run from command line with user input?
- [ ] Fix the normalizer value so it will be higher (closer to 1) for values as it approaches 100% confidence sum and then lower for lower confidece values. This need to be some type horizontal asmpytote function that approaches 1 fairly quickly, like around the 0.2-0.3 mark. Never want to have it equal to 0, maybe a min of 0.5-0.6 on y-axis. Technically, only defined for `[0,1)` domain, so you can have it extend past for for x-inputs outside that range.
